It's OK. So it's alright,
sorry it's a prototype.
This thing working.
Come on with the if you want
to use the power of AI, you
need a sacrifice, something.
Alright, it's recording.
Alright, great, uh, how
everyone? Welcome to our
presentation. Uh, this
project is called power
reader next slide.
Great, so you might be wondering
what this is all about. Uh,
really. The whole premise here
is we're trying to answer the
question, why would you ever
want to watch a 30 minute video
when you can read through a
quicker, especially if it's for
a business meeting. A power
reader is an innovative AI
solution that correlate your
transcriptions with your
PowerPoint slides so you have a
single document that captures
will spoken in remote meeting.
You can read through the slides
and give time back to yourself
if you have recorded 30 minute
to one hour meeting, why would
you want to watch that and spend
all that time when you really
just want to look at the key
points covered in the
PowerPoint? And that's what
power reader is trying to
solve next slide.
We have some cool features. Uh,
the first is. It's really simple
to use. You simply add your
video and you will receive an
output which is the power point
file with the captions in the
speaker notes. We use the power
of AI to extract slide numbers
from the speech and as well as
the images and we also utilize
office APIs for Seamless Speaker
notes writing. Next slide.
Here's an overview of our flow.
Uh, so do you have an input of
your recorded video with the
power point slides? Uh, those
are fed into an image
classifier, which is a
convolutional your network. This
will extract out the slide
number as well as the time
stamps windows slides.
That, along with the captions
file which is generated from the
video, gets fed into our power
reader app. This is essentially
a mapping tool between the
captions and the slide number,
as well as a tool that writes
this captions into the
PowerPoint itself, and you get
an output which is a power point
file with the captions in the
speaker notes, and you can use
that and read over at any given
time that you like.
Next slide.
Great, so this is an overview
of power reader. Now will move
on to some Q&A. Be happy to
answer any questions.
Hey, thank you for the
presentation. Could you go back
to the architecture diagram?
Oh sure, thing here it is. I'll
go to previous slide.
OK, thanks, um I was wondering
how the logic work to understand
if you move to a new slide.
OK, so you have a question about
the whole image classifier. Yeah
Peter, our team can help answer
this question, Peter. So the
convolutional neural network
will take the input recording
file and pull every few seconds
or so to detect if the image
that from the frame it's
extracted has changed, which
slide whether the image is the
same as before. So if it's
detected that were on a new
image, then that's detecting the
either the next slide.
The previous slide and
then from there we map
that to the captions.
Great thanks Peter. Now I'll go
to next slide.
Hey I have another question.
What's the accuracy of the
transcription? Another good
question. Uh, we're using the
captions or Microsoft stream?
Uh, so you can find out more
on the website. And, Uh, Yeah,
that's something that will be
able to share with you at a
later point.
Um? Can you please share
the link?
Yeah, sounds good. I will
include it in my follow up
email. Any other questions?
Uh, this is pretty cool. When
can I try out? Power reader.
That is a great. It is not
currently available online, but.
Send me a direct message
afterwards and uhm, yeah, I'll
give you promised.
OK, OK, uh, an anyone else?
Sounds great, thanks
everyone for tuning in. Uh,
have a good day.